This is one of multiple CCMA Exam Simulation quiz questions.
Can you answer the questions yourself in these quiz questions.
I'm using Cisco Packet Tracer to help you practically test and verify your knowledge of Cisco CCN eight
topics in these quiz questions.
We are testing your knowledge of the life of a packet.
Do you understand destination and source MAC addresses.
Do you understand where those are used.
Do you understand how traffic flows through a network and the various encapsulation is used in a network.
In this scenario I have two pieces.
P.S. One on the left and P.S. two on the right they are connected to 36 50 switches.
These switches are configured as a layer two switches.
There are also two Cisco ISIL routers connected via a serial link.
The scenario is P.S. One pings P.C. too you need to answer the following questions based on the Echo
request message center from P.S. 1 2 P.S. 2.
So look after the echo request a message not other traffic types and answer these questions.
What is the destination MAC address of the frame at point A in the network.
In other words what is the destination MAC address of the Echo request message.
After this point what is the actual destination MAC address.
So in other words you need to determine what are the actual MAC addresses by looking at the frame and
determining to which device that MAC address belongs now to help you with this task in Packet Tracer
use of the simulation mode simulation mode in Packet Tracer allows you to simulate the flow of traffic
through a network and view what happens once you open up simulation mode on P.S. 1 generate traffic
so send a ping to the IP address of P.C. to which is 10 1 3 2
and have a look at how the traffic flows as we can see here and our packet has been created and the
piece he is opting for the MAC address of the router if you don't want to see other traffic times you
can edit your filters to only look at OP and ICMP traffic within in Packet Tracer.
So what I'll do is reset to that simulation and send the packet again
so we can see the OP a request to the router and the reply and then we can see the ICMP message.
And if you click on the message you'll be able to view the inbound PD you and outbound PD you and then
answer the questions so by using simulation mode or by simply looking at the configurations of the devices
in the topology you should be able to answer these questions so they are various questions asking about
mac addresses and encapsulation is used at different stages in the life of the packet
for both.
Echo request and echo reply do you know how packets are encapsulated.
Do you know when MAC addresses are used and when they are not used.
Download the attached packet trace a file and see if you can answer these questions yourself.
Otherwise watch the next video.
We are show you the answers to these questions.